events of the Israeli drone strike in
Khan un at the time we spoke we did not
know that his colleague Sam Abu had
[Music]
died and then all of the
sudden something
happened we can't tell what happened
exactly I only felt that something big
happened and I fell I fell
down and I lost my helmet and my
microphone I Tred
to gather all my
forces and I was barely able to stand up
I was feeling
dizzy and I was losing my
balance I thought I was expecting the
second uh mile to be launched short L
and I was able to do so although I was
not
completely standing with balance I try
to hide in one of the uh destroyed
houses or at the school or to continue
walking because I was
bleeding in my shoulder and my arm so I
realized that I will keep
[Music]
bleeding and nobody will be able to
reach us where we
were so I tried to press one of the
injuries that I had on my arm and I
tried to walk
slowly I tried to walk while standing on
or using the
walls and try to avoid the tunnels as
fast as I can at the end I was close to
the main road I saw there an ambulance
so I shouted and I tried to wave with my
hand so that they can come but the
situation was very challenging and they
were not able to reach me where that
where I was so I needed to continue
walking until I reached the
ambulance and they tried to stop the
bleeding at least
temporarily we got in the ambulance I
asked them to go back to where I was
because my colleague Sam Abu Daka was
still there and he was
screaming and he was calling for help I
think most of his he would he got
injured in the lower part of his body
but the paramedics told me that we need
to leave immediately and that they will
send another ambulance so that we won't
be all targeted we then came here to
this hospital and as you can see
sammer and whatever we were able to
record are still there there are
attempts to send a an ambulance and the
ambulance got shot there was some kind
of a coordination again but the
ambulance of the red crescent refused to
go back there because the area was very
dangerous and they requested an vehicle
or an ambulance from the Red Cross or
the United Nations agency but the Red
Cross did not move swiftly which made
the life of our colleague samur and all
the
others this this lack of action or slow
action put everyone's life in danger but
we are still hopeful we we are hopeful
that we will have sammer back with us
and wish him a speedy recovery as far as
I'm concerned um this is just um a first
message and I'm trying to gather my
thoughts and my
force in order to continue what we have
started since the first day of the war I
expect to be
able to start working again tomorrow
morning despite all the
wounds peace be upon
you see you soon
the words there of aler